Brad Sherman
Fundamentals of Computing 1
Lab 4 Part 3 Report


This program is meant to display five options to the user which will give
them extra information about the history of Notre Dame football. It will 
continue to ask the user what they want to know until the user enters a 
"6" to exit.

At the start of this program, it includes three other files: ndwins.h, 
ndloss.h, and ndties.h. Then it declares all of the functions I used to 
perform the various tasks. Then it enters the main function.

In the main function it creates a 200 x 4 array with each row being a year
starting at 1900 and the first column being the actual year, 2nd being wins,
3rd losses, and 4th ties. Next there is a block of code commented out that
I left in so I could print the array to make sure it is made successfully.
Then it enters a while loop that only exits when the user's choice becomes
"6". It prints out all of the options from 1-6 and waits for the user's 
response. For each case, I made a function to run to produce the correct 
result. If the user enters a number that does not correspond to a choice, 
the default case will tell them that it did not understand their answer.

In general, each function is fairly similar. J is initialized in order to 
parse through the ndfootball 2D array, and then depending on what choice 
was selected, the function searches for and prints different things. For
example, in choice 1, the user wants all the undefeated seasons. So, in 
case 1 of my switch statement, I simply ran the undefeated function. In 
that function, it searches through ndfootball looking for all of the seasons
in which the loss row (index 2) are equal to 0. If so, it increments m 
so that I have a way of keeping track of how many undefeated seasons there
are, and a way of making a new line after every 5 seasons printed. The other
functions are very similar to that one. 

I checked this program for correctness using the wikipedia link in the lab
description. When I ran choice 1, I checked to make sure that every year 
that was printed matched every year that Notre Dame had 0 losses on the 
wikipedia page. I repeated this process for every season with a tie, the minwins
and minlosses functions, and the findrecord function. I checked each for
several different inputs if it changed the output. 
